---
layout: post
title: 'print("Hello to the Real World!")'
date: 2025-07-05
category: personal
read_time: 3
---

This is my first ever blog post. Well, technically it's the first I ever made but not quite the first I'm posting now. This is a revision or a repost you might say, of my first blog entry. See, I had this blog site on Wordpress a while ago and it was called CTRL+chill. I don't really know the direction I was going for at the time but I had this idea. I wanted to write something that people will actually read. And thinking about it I have just now realized that most people don't actually read long articles.

But anyway, one of the first few words in my original post was, "I've been feeling this itch to create something real, something meaningful, something that is actually worth creating." Because in the world we live in today, there is no doubt that the dead internet theory is actually coming true. Everything nowadays is just a bunch of SEO optimization and spouting out AI nonsense. Countless posts that are just generated by AI. The captions, the posts, even the comments sometimes. Honestly, I can't tell anymore if they were written by a really good writer or just AI.

It feels like people are just posting for the sake of the money, instead of posting something that they are actually passionate about. I certainly didn't want to make my future content that way, because I felt like it was taking away the creativity and the passion that other content creators have, and it is an infestation to the platforms to just generate mass media and profit off of it.

Don't get me wrong, I do think that AI will be the path to the future in terms of like, technological advancements and embedded systems, but I will forever dislike the people who uses AI as a way to generate slop content and being a nuisance to multiple social platforms.

That's why when I chose to start this blogging journey, I wanted to write with a passion; To write what I actually feel like writing. These weird, little blogs. The kind that people will actually look for and stay, not because of algorithms and whatever that SEO nonsense was about. And I hope that whoever might stay to read my stuff, as cringey as it may be, might stay to support me, because at least I'm real. Not some robot that spits out "relatable" content.